Add __match_args__ to support match case destructuring in Python 3.10 (#815)
python-attrs/attrs: changelog.d/815.changes.rst

> Add ``__match_args__`` to generated class to support match case destructuring
> in Python 3.10. This can be controlled by ``match_args`` argument to ``@attrib.s``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``__match_args__`` are now generated to support Python 3.10's `Structural Pattern Matching <https://docs.python.org/3.10/whatsnew/3.10.html#pep-634-structural-pattern-matching>`_.
This can be controlled by ``match_args`` argument to the class decorators.
The argument is ignored for Python versions older than 3.10.
```
